0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, before:

## Python - Hello World
This directory holds code that illustrates an essential concept of python programming.

### Description of files:
0. shell script that runs a python SCRIPT (export PYFILE=main.py)
1. shell script that runs a python CODE (export PYCODE='print("Holberton School: {}".format(88+10))')
2. Python script that prints exactly "(\"Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle)"
3. print the integer stored in the variable number, followed by Battery street
4. print the float stored in the variable number with a precision of 2 digits
5. print 3 times a string stored in the variable str, followed by its first 9 characters
6. use the variables str1 and str2 to print
7. manipulate and print string index range
8. print modified variable without creating new variable or string literals
9. Python script that The Zen of , by Tim Peters
10. interview prep - a function in C that checks if a singly linked list has a cycle in it


## Requirements
* Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
* Python 3.8.5
* pep8 

## Author
Work is owned and maintained by Mellanie Achieng.

Commit message:

101-compile & 102-magic_calculation.py files added

0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, after:

## Python - Hello World
This directory holds code that illustrates an essential concept of python programming.

### Description of files:
0. shell script that runs a python SCRIPT (export PYFILE=main.py)
1. shell script that runs a python CODE (export PYCODE='print("Holberton School: {}".format(88+10))')
2. Python script that prints exactly "(\"Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle)"
3. print the integer stored in the variable number, followed by Battery street
4. print the float stored in the variable number with a precision of 2 digits
5. print 3 times a string stored in the variable str, followed by its first 9 characters
6. use the variables str1 and str2 to print
7. manipulate and print string index range
8. print modified variable without creating new variable or string literals
9. Python script that The Zen of , by Tim Peters
10. interview prep - a function in C that checks if a singly linked list has a cycle in it
11. print string to stderr using write
12. shell script that compiles a python script file
13. Python function def magic_calculation(a, b): that does exactly the same as the following Python bytecode:
 3           0 LOAD_CONST               1 (98)
              3 LOAD_FAST                0 (a)
              6 LOAD_FAST                1 (b)
              9 BINARY_POWER
             10 BINARY_ADD
             11 RETURN_VALUE


## Requirements
* Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
* Python 3.8.5
* pep8 

## Author
Work is owned and maintained by Mellanie Achieng.
